## Day 9 - Taking the train

My father has always taken the train into work. Whenever I think of something going into work I think of them sitting on the train as my dad did. I later learn that the vast majority of Americans don't take the train but drive to into work. Today I decided to meet a friend in the city and choose to get there via the train. Technically it is sometimes faster to drive into the city (when traffic permits). I know people that prefer driver which I simply don't understand. There are many advantages to taking the train.

1. No traffic. Usually faster
2. More enjoyable than driving
3. You can do other things during the commuting time on the train. I blew through my entire RSS feed for the day while sitting on the train. Hell you can even sleep on the train if you're the risky type.
4. Risk of accidents is less than driving. In my mind the risk of an accident that physically harms you is zero but I know that is never the case.
5. You don't have to worry about parking. Train stations usually have enough parking to service anyone. Currently septa train stations have free parking so that is no cost to me. Parking in any city is going to cost both your wallet and mental health. Today I simply stepped off the train and walked to my destination.

Every train network and system is different. My current issue with SEPTA is the time schedules. One train per hour simply isn't enough and having more trains would be more convenient. There are many problems with SEPTA and honestly this one probably ranks pretty low but it certainly impacts how often I take the train.