## Day 12 - Message in an App

John Grubers [post](https://daringfireball.net/2023/03/wavelength) about Waveform got me thinking about what I use to message people.

### My current palette
Currently my messaging needs are met by iMessage, Discord, Instagram DM, and Snapchat. It's funny how everyone uses each app for a different reason. The types of people you message on one app aren't the same that you would message on another. However, you will usually message the people closest to you using all the apps. I think this is because at that point you just send the message in whatever app you're currently in or is easiest for the kind of message. For example, Instagram messages make it seamless to send instagram post to individuals and groups. Many friends solely use instagram to send funny post and videos they find. With actual conversation occurring in other places. Same goes for Snapchat. Many people use Snapchat as a *what we're doing right now candid photos* but actual event planning will occur over iMessage. 

### I wish for simplicity
In my opinion, 4 is too many apps. I understand that each one has a purpose but I enjoy everything being in one place. The thought that I have multiple linearly timeline full of messages with the same person just hits me the wrong way.

Remember that I'm just talking about how I communicate with friends and family. Of course there are separate services for companies and discussion with colleagues such as slack and Microsoft teams. Many people use instagram as an outreach tool to contact people they don't know or don't have a friend to give an introduction.

In my ideal world there are two messaging services that I use. One service for person to person conversations that can also hand a small group (no more than 7). The other app would be for massive channels for large groups of likeminded people to share and talk. The beauty of these services is that it allows more diverse people to come in and out of conversations naturally. What I described is essentially iMessage and Discord. Discord is slowly falling out of favor with my own personal taste but it still fills a need for now. I wish iMessage would do more to try and be a better messaging system but I think the current feature set is one of a mature messaging platform. I will consider it a success when I only use 2 apps to communicate with my friends.

### But it's hard to change
The challenge in all of this is you need other people to message. It's hard to get even tech literate friends to try and commit to a new messaging services. It's almost impossible to convince an entire group of friends and family to switch messaging services. It's also something I do not **want** to do. No one should be forced to use a messaging service just because their one friends tells them too. People are going to naturally gravitate towards the messaging platform that best suits them. If it's someone I truly want to talk to. I'm willing to switch apps for a brief moment to share a connection.