## Day 14 - The internet is full of a bunk of junk

I've had this thought for a while that the current internet has an awful signal to noise ratio. Where there is so much seemingly worthless content online that is either copying something original in a worse way or existing in a poor state for a simple money making mechanism.

I couldn't decide why I believed this but I found an explanation that satisfies me. [A Colin and Samir video](https://youtu.be/gbDunxRfbgg?t=328) (timestamped to my moment of clarity) is what got me thinking about the idea between the relationship between making something and sharing something. A few years ago the distance between making something and sharing it was large. Both in terms of time and energy needed. If something was filmed or written it had to pass through so many filters [^1] in order to be seen by a wider audience. There was also extra work that had to be done.  A film needed to be manually edited and same with any piece of writing. This distance filtered out works that provided nothing of value and gave the creator time to reflect on what they made. The amount of work and energy needed to publish something ensured the creator really cared about sharing what they made.

Nowadays in contrast, people make and share in the same breath. There isn't anyone telling them what they can and can't publish for everyone to see. This has both good and bad outcomes as it allows for something new and truly groundbreaking to be created but also allows for a seemingly endless pile of junk to be put out there. The actual work required to publish something has also decreased. Filters are applied automatically and editing can be done by anyone at anytime in a matter of minutes. Again these changes has resulted in both creative and uninspiring endeavors being released.

[^1]: Usually publishers which come with their own problems
