## Day 7 - One Week

I've been writing everyday for a week now. There have been mixed emotions but overall I would say it's been additive to me. My current trouble is thinking of writing topics. Some days I think of a topic that I want to write about and at some point during the day I'll write what I think. Then I reread it again at night and publish it. Other days I read and publish at the same time. Usually somewhere after 9pm. This is only because I didn't think of a topic throughout the day and just picked the first thing I can think of. 

I don't particularly love the topics I've picked for myself. Many of them are simply stating my feelings towards something. While this is still a good exercise in writing and expressing ideas, I don't believe it to be all that interesting. The main lesson for me is learning how to better share my thoughts and ideas. I tend to phrase everything in a certain way. That way being like someone who was just in university and wants to sound *smart* while also reaching a word count. I haven't written an essay in five years but I tend to write in the same way. My communication has certainly improved but I want to get into different forms of writing as well. Writing that some broader audience would find interesting.

I need to do some more exploring both in the world and online. There are so many interesting topics to read about online that I don't. I try to be consistent with my RSS feed but often just skip many long articles. There has to be a better effort to set aside the time to read them. Along with this I also need to explore more of the places around me. Places in Philadelphia and surrounding areas.

