## Day 10 - Weekends

It has only been a little over a week and I already forgot to write for a day, Saturday to be specific, and it got my thinking about weekends. I could make excuses as to why I missed a day but I simply forgot. No thought related to writing came into my head on Saturday and it didn't dawn on me until 11pm at night. At that point I was in no spirit to write and still didn't know what to write about. This caused to think about why the idea of writing escaped me the next day.

Weekends are always special. Ingrained in our heads since school everyone views the weekend as time to recover and rest. "Just need to make it to the weekend" many people tell themselves this, often a bit too early in the week, to bring comfort of a break[^1]. As someone who just got out of university I currently don't start work for a few more weeks so the weekend don't hold much weight to me personally. I am un-ironically the unemployed friend doing random activities on a Tuesday afternoon. However, the weekend provides me the opportunity to see friends and family. Being social in this way is important as I am mostly alone for a lot of my time during the regular week. Unless the topic of conversation, the ideas about working, programming, and even writing don't enter my head on the weekend. It's almost as if I'm operating in a completely different mode on Saturday and Sunday compared to the other days. I allow myself to take a break from training and relax. Usually with a nice drink and movie on. This mode has no worries for they were all expressed shipped on Friday night and don't hit my mental desk until Monday morning. 

I think starting from now I am going to take weekends off. I'll spend the time doing something else. Something relaxing. Cheers to the weekend. 

[^1]: I do see the issue that seemingly everyone hates the work they do and finds so little passion for it that they're only relieve from it are the days off but that's a much larger topic.
