## Day 6 - Everything Everywhere All Online

One of the first movies I watched last year was [Everything Everywhere All at Once](https://www.imdb.com/title/tt6710474/). It was a movie I loved at the time but I found its discussion as a *masterpiece* a bit much. Considering it won best picture at the Academy Awards I decided to give it a rewatch. While I still don't believe it's a perfect movie I believe it's the perfect movie for right now.

One of the main feelings for the story characters and viewers alike is one of being overwhelmed. Which perfectly encapsulates the feeling of being *too online*. The feeling when you're endlessly scrolling social media looking at content ranging from self help tips to political commentary. It's simply too much to take in and process. It almost numbs your mind in a way that clearly isn't healthy. Yet it's also an action that is always enticing. My assertion is that many people subconsciously or consciously know that something is off with them. Similarly to the film, they only need to focus on the feeling in order to understand it.

The solution in EEAO is one of continually showing kindness and love everyday even if you're confused or upset towards something/one. It's a beautiful message for the story but I also think it's one that can be extrapolated to the everything-ness of the internet. The early internet days were ones composed of developers creating a website or program and showing it off. Usually to an impressed audience showering it with love. We should have the same energy when online. People are making content for the world to see and sometimes the world just spits back angrily. People need to stop speaking with assertiveness and accept that everyone is a person trying to figure things out. While we have access to everything everywhere, it isn't always as clear as we think.

To avoid stepping on a soapbox I'm going to stop writing here and finish by saying that taking one second to try and understand is better then whatever instant negative reaction you have.
